Excuse me, Miss. Do you have a swipe?
[gentle music]
Yo, where you at?
Where you been at?
Oh!
You give me the money, I'm stunting it out.
I'm chilling it out.
With my boy, Tereek.
And my boy, J.R.
We chillin' in the streets.
You get a whole bottle.
When you really think about it.
50 cents for a drink...
That's kind of weird.
Come on, J.R.
Chill! Chill!
We can go again.
- You always take this too serious.
I'm not being serious.   -We're just playing.
Again?
Who dat?
My mom.
Okay.
I said, okay. Okay.
Alright, bye.
Yo, that was my Momma Dukes.
I gotta bounce, bro.
She was yelling at me through the phone.
- Tell me about it.
I've got like five missed calls already.
We out.   -I gotta go home too.
Be safe, bro.
For real.
And don't be late again, aight?
Excuse me, sir.
Can you spare...   -I ain't got nothing, man.
Can you spare a quarter or a nickel?
I said I ain't got nothing.
Excuse me, sir.
Got any change to spare?
[soft music]
Hey, man...
Oh, yeah. Yeah, um...
Okay...
It's close. You just...
It's close. Alright? Just...
Just walk...this way, alright?
[loud clanging]
[emotional music]
[phone vibrating]
One...two...three...
four...five...six...seven...
eight...nine...ten.
[roaring engine]
[emotional music]
[soft music]
Oh, sorry!
Hold on.
I got you.
[Spanish music plays from a radio]
Can I get this too, please?
Yes.   -Thank you.
Three dollars.
Thank you.
What?
You've never seen a blind and deaf guy before?
Wait, man...come on!
Why I gotta get stuck with this?
[gentle music]
Young man.
[phone vibrating]
[sound fades to silence]
[rumbling]
Wait!
You mind waiting just a quick second?
This guy's blind and deaf.
You gotta tap him
and let him know when he gets to 129th street.
His name's Artie.
Excuse me, sir.
Could you tap him
and let him know when he gets to 129th street?
Sure.
No, not "sure."
He just wants to get home.
I'm gonna take care of the man.
Artie.
I'm gonna take care of Artie.
Get him off the bus at 129th street.
Thank you.
[emotional music]